Don't you want revenge?
Yes, but do I have the ability to take revenge?
If I had
I still need to talk to you here.
We talked so much
So you didn't drink that bowl of porridge just now.
I just feel like I have the strength to showdown
It's not because of this bowl of porridge
Drink it before
Then why don't you drink it now?
Previous porridge
It's not poisonous.
Since any choice is dead
Why don't I fight back and hum aggressively
But you're right.
Then you are waiting to die now.
Don't you want to save?
My dad is talking to you, but he wants to turn the sky upside down
I don't know how to write shit, right?
If you have any questions, just ask them together.
Don't let you do an understanding after you die
Do you know why I went to Cattle and Sheep to play hard?
That's not to use this explosive power to defeat Qianqian
A way to live for yourself
Then look at me
Did it explode?
Let's die together
OK.
Enter the city and surrender
In this extreme situation
To think of such a way to escape
It seems that this fire
He's not a total loser.